everyone loves to cook breakfast down
again and no cook breakfast would be
complete without some of these little
babies let's make some hashbrowns
on the one pot chef
to make our hashbrowns first things
first we're going to obviously need some
potatoes and what I've done is I've just
run a kilo potatoes through the food
processor using the shredding blade if
you don't have a food processor you can
just run them through a cheese grater
and I'll put them into a colander with a
glass bowl underneath or you can just
stick it in the sink and just squeeze
the potatoes with your hands just to get
rid of all that excess liquid I've
transferred a potato into a large mixing
bowl and to that I'm adding in two
tablespoons of flour just plain flour a
little bit of salt and some pepper I'm
also adding in some garlic powder which
is great for a bit of extra flavor you
don't have to use garlic it's entirely
optional you could also use a different
herbal spice that you prefer or make
your own mixture and one lightly beaten
egg and just using a spoon just mix all
that together i divided the mixture into
little patties and we're just going to
flatten them out as we cook them I've
got my fry pan with a bit of olive oil
on the bottom and we're just going to
heat this over a medium heat until it's
nice and steaming hot we're going to
cook our hashbrowns in batches be
careful putting them in three all the
first go and just press them down
slightly to flatten them and we're going
to fry these for about two to three
minutes each side or until they're
golden and crispy these are looking
golden and delicious we're just going to
transfer these onto a baking tray lined
with some absorbent kitchen paper once
all the hashbrowns have been fried we're
just going to put this into a low oven
120 degrees Celsius for about five to
ten minutes just to make sure they're
nicely warmed through and fully cooked
and here are some of our completed
hashbrowns looking absolutely gorgeous
and they smell amazing so I'm going to
have a little taste mmm
young mm-hmm Brisbane golden and
gorgeous on the outside and got that
fluffy sort of little bit's potato all
inside you can really taste the garlic
in it which is great because you can
pretty much change the flavor of these
to whatever suits your own personal
taste this is perfect as part of a nice
full cooked breakfast bacon and eggs and
sausages but it's two o'clock in the
afternoon when I'm recording this so I
don't really feel like cooking a full
breakfast at this time
oh I hope you've enjoyed this recipe
check out my other videos at one-pot
chef show comm and until next time see
you later